when you first get into the military, he shouldn't really be thinking
about retirement. But it's not a bad thing to think about early on.
The reason I'd say you shouldn't need to be thinking about it when you
first get it is because you got other things to worry about. Don't
worry about getting qualified. You gotta worry about just other things
related to your actual career. I think one mistake I made when
I was younger, I was always looking forward to the next thing instead
of really enjoying what I was doing right at the moment. While retirement
is certainly a consideration, I that should be thought about
well in advance. Um, you don't need to be thinking about it right away.
They'll be certain milestone points in your career that will drive
you to think about whether you should stay in or get out